Hello dear friends with you again
Channel anrial games Well, we continue
play our lat's play technique and magic
and today we have special news
this is the last release on this summer well
what now will explain everything well I
I am in my house
let's go down it was decided
move to a new place but not only
move and move to another planet
since the crisis with resources brought to
of having to fly to
another planet planet so
exhausted i collect the last resources and
going to the shuttle which will deliver
me to another planet that can
live let's collect the remaining resources
I have already gathered a lot of things and all of mine
belongings go with me i will go
to the city and sit on the canoe i am one of
volunteers who decided to learn
space
to colonize new planets in order
so that people can then settle there
live well, that and if it's fair
the spray just ends and we
go to the new card like this
that I don't see anything wrong with that
only interesting all your belongings
collected
for a long time went all straight collected
almost even there all the boxes are all
I got a little firm left
so any trifle on the little things well house
of course here I gathered all the resources
practically but
cotton I will not touch yes and this too
as you see no farm nothing
left because I collected everything in
the lower world is true I have this
the tank filled the words and had to stupidly
to break it well, that is, 20,000 form
eagle you just went nowhere but it
nothing because all the resources we have
will be over there in storage we
will come along with them in the lower world I
all gathered well, except of course platforms
glass lanterns all the resources of course
as you see here, too, I have nothing
gathered here in this place is all
all my resources are right here
in the bar for kept all kinds of things
which is not really needed but I am her too
I will take the bed afterwards resources
divided by some principles here
we have greens and yes that is all alive here
we have every kind of torch prepared
here we have bees here we have crystals here
full of all sorts of crystals that is all that
I have all sorts of mechanisms here
by the way I forgot to say will
windmills at high altitude turns into
generators the first time I noticed this here
in short all my resource here that is
if i start when i'm done out
playdo you can not write I'm a cheater I
just move everything from this world to
I have a new continuation here too
have it all the same mechanisms you can
look here I have every such
I have a tripe here too
have all my belongings and magical court
seeds and all sorts of bushes from tinker
construct
and the remaining resources that are to me and
other
tripe is also well shorter than very valuable
resources, too, they are stored here somewhere
I had hard drives
I remember where they are and I don’t see something
where are hard drives by the way
it's not funny anymore but they are shorter
saying here are actually two of these hard
I have one disk for stones
ore is still sundry in large
the quantity on the other also see that is
two almost 1 almost filled and the second
a little that is, there are all resources too
are and also here having a system then
I have everything I build
collected it
this house is empty as they say
completely but not counting of course
flashlights and other crap it Well
that's all hope that there was a play was
interesting come to us in new here
spray which will by the way be called a
there will also be no magic there too
but basically there will be a bias on technology
there as they say we will be
evolve how to follow you in this
play we prepared and set off
can say for a new planet for a new
I hope you like the new card
format as i try to do
flying play new pain a little role-playing
will be that is not stupid we start on
new map and everything here and actually be
principle as if we are new
the planet though what you see will be
It seems really a new planet Well
I will not keep you waiting
maybe well at the time of when
video will be released this is most likely to be released
already a little bit later 1 episode new
explay atom
in the past, we also had an explay atom
but this time will be just mega epic
you can see all previous
series whatever i say i am something
fourth yes I have these all resources myself
he drew blood and then that was all there
there is everything here in this small
cut here from this cobble to here
of this
all personally dug out nothing duk here they
Well, then, on this, all that rock and
ends subscribe to our
channel and come to us in new in explay
atom so what everyone for now